README.md, before:

# 2nd Semester - Introduction To Computer Science

A 2nd semester follow-up to the [TEALS Intro CS course](https://tealsk12.gitbook.io/intro-cs/)

Note the change in repository and GitBook locations starting the 2017-18 school year.

- GitHub: https://github.com/TEALSK12/2nd-semester-introduction-to-computer-science
- GitBook: https://tealsk12.gitbooks.io/2nd-semester-introduction-to-computer-science/content/

## Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-alike License

[This curriculum is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-alike License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/), which means you may share and adapt this material for non-commercial uses as long as you attribute its original source, and retain these same licensing terms.

## About this curriculum

Welcome to the TEALS Intro to Computer Science Second Semester Curriculum. This curriculum is intended for use by TEALS classrooms teaching Introduction to Computer Science in a yearlong format. We expect that students have completed the content from the [1st semester course](https://www.gitbook.com/book/teals-introcs/introduction-to-computer-science-principles/details) prior to this curriculum.

Please help us complete it by contributing feedback and suggestions via the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/TEALS-IntroCS/2nd-semester-introduction-to-computer-science-principles) that contains the source files for this gitbook.

## Curriculum Orientation

[Check out this 1-hour Orientation to the Curriculum video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHgA_7x6-Qo)

## Python Versions (2 vs 3)

Python is an evolving language. Python 3 is a major upgrade to the language, released in 2010. There is a lot of existing software written under Python 2 and there is resistance to upgrading to Python 3 due to code breakage and cost. Just as a car part from a 10 year old model car will probably not fit a new model of the same car, Python 2 code probably would not run in a Python 3 environment. In Python 3 there are new features, significant upgrades "underneath" which makes the code run better and/or faster as well as no longer supporting (deprecating) some Python 2 capabilities. When looking at Python code, be careful to note whether it is Python 2 or Python 3.

### This class will use Python 3

For those knowledgable with Python 2, the following is a list of differences from Python 3 relevant to the 2nd semester intro course.

| | Python 2 | Python 3 |
| ------ | ---------- | --- |
| Printing to console | print 3.14 | print (3.14) |
| User input | raw_input()/input() | input () |
| Integer arithmetic | 3/2 evaluates to 1 | 3/2 evaluates to 1.5 |
| Not equal to | <> | != |

## Issues

Please open an issue in GitHub if you encounter factual, spelling, or grammatical errors, sequencing problems (topics needed before they are taught), or incomplete/missing materials.

## Change Log

Changes to this curriculum will be updated in our [Change Log](Changelog.md)

## Suggestions

If you'd like to suggest changes or additions to the curriculum, please submit a Github Pull Request containing your changes. As a best practice, each pull request should contain a singular atomic change.

## Printing GitBook

The 2nd Semester Introduction to Computer Science GitBook can be printed by navigating to [PDF Version](https://pdf.gitbook.cloud/preview?url=https://tealsk12.gitbook.io/intro-cs-2/#).
However, the "Download" button does not work. There is a workaround depending on the browser:

- Chrome: move your cursor to the top of the document and click on the down arrow when the menu bar drops down
- Firefox: click on the down arrow to download the PDF
- All browsers: right click on the document and select "Save As"

Commit message:

Fixed Links to Forums and Associated Readings

README.md, after:

# 2nd Semester - Introduction To Computer Science

A 2nd semester follow-up to the [TEALS Intro CS course](https://tealsk12.gitbook.io/intro-cs/)

Note the change in repository and GitBook locations starting the 2017-18 school year.

- GitHub: https://github.com/TEALSK12/2nd-semester-introduction-to-computer-science
- GitBook: https://tealsk12.gitbooks.io/2nd-semester-introduction-to-computer-science/content/

## Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-alike License

[This curriculum is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial Share-alike License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/), which means you may share and adapt this material for non-commercial uses as long as you attribute its original source, and retain these same licensing terms.

## About this curriculum

Welcome to the TEALS Intro to Computer Science Second Semester Curriculum. This curriculum is intended for use by TEALS classrooms teaching Introduction to Computer Science in a yearlong format. We expect that students have completed the content from the [1st semester course](https://www.gitbook.com/book/teals-introcs/introduction-to-computer-science-principles/details) prior to this curriculum.

Please help us complete it by contributing feedback and suggestions via the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/TEALS-IntroCS/2nd-semester-introduction-to-computer-science-principles) that contains the source files for this gitbook.

## Associated Readings

We have incliuded with this curriculum Associated Readings to dive deeper into topics specific to the instruction of this course. These readings have been adapted from "Think Python: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist" by. Allen B. Downey. ([HTML Version](http://greenteapress.com/thinkpython/html/index.html))([PDF Version](http://www.greenteapress.com/thinkpython/thinkpython.pdf)).They are specifically referenced in the lesson plans and the [full document](readings.md) is included.

## Curriculum Orientation

[Check out this 1-hour Orientation to the Curriculum video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHgA_7x6-Qo)

## Python Versions (2 vs 3)

Python is an evolving language. Python 3 is a major upgrade to the language, released in 2010. There is a lot of existing software written under Python 2 and there is resistance to upgrading to Python 3 due to code breakage and cost. Just as a car part from a 10 year old model car will probably not fit a new model of the same car, Python 2 code probably would not run in a Python 3 environment. In Python 3 there are new features, significant upgrades "underneath" which makes the code run better and/or faster as well as no longer supporting (deprecating) some Python 2 capabilities. When looking at Python code, be careful to note whether it is Python 2 or Python 3.

### This class will use Python 3

For those knowledgable with Python 2, the following is a list of differences from Python 3 relevant to the 2nd semester intro course.

| | Python 2 | Python 3 |
| ------ | ---------- | --- |
| Printing to console | print 3.14 | print (3.14) |
| User input | raw_input()/input() | input () |
| Integer arithmetic | 3/2 evaluates to 1 | 3/2 evaluates to 1.5 |
| Not equal to | <> | != |

## Issues

Please open an issue in GitHub if you encounter factual, spelling, or grammatical errors, sequencing problems (topics needed before they are taught), or incomplete/missing materials.

## Change Log

Changes to this curriculum will be updated in our [Change Log](Changelog.md)

## Suggestions

If you'd like to suggest changes or additions to the curriculum, please submit a Github Pull Request containing your changes. As a best practice, each pull request should contain a singular atomic change.

## Printing GitBook

The 2nd Semester Introduction to Computer Science GitBook can be printed by navigating to [PDF Version](https://pdf.gitbook.cloud/preview?url=https://tealsk12.gitbook.io/intro-cs-2/#).
However, the "Download" button does not work. There is a workaround depending on the browser:

- Chrome: move your cursor to the top of the document and click on the down arrow when the menu bar drops down
- Firefox: click on the down arrow to download the PDF
- All browsers: right click on the document and select "Save As"
