units/5_unit/03_lesson/lesson.md, before:

# Lesson 5.03: Earsketch Control Flow

## Learning Objectives
Students will be able to...

* Define and identify: **modulo**
* Demonstrate looping and control structures
* Demonstrate the use of looping concepts in music making via EarSketch
* Demostrate using control structures to create music


## Materials/Preparation
* [Do Now]
* [Lab - EarSketch Control Flow]
* [EarSketch Editor]
* Associated Reading in EarSketch
* Read through the do now, lesson, and lab so that you are familiar with the requirements and can assist students

## Pacing Guide
| **Duration**   | **Description** |
| ---------- | ----------- |
| 5 Minutes  | Do Now      |
| 10 Minutes | Lesson      |
| 35 Minutes | Lab         |
| 5 Minutes | Debrief     |

## Instructor's Notes

1. **Do Now**
    * Students should be given time to read unit 3 of the EarSketch documentation.
    * Students should answer the questions included in the do now and be prepared to discuss them as a class.
2. **Lesson**
	* Call on students to discuss the answers to the questions from the Do Now.
	* Review looping in Python. Look at the examples given in the EarSketch documentation and play them for the class.  
	* Review if statements and control flow. As with looping go over examples (starting at section "Conditional Statements in Loops"). Focus on the **modulo** operator, reminding students that it is an operator that returns the remainder after division.
3. **Lab**
	* Students practice using looping to make a song a single track. Make sure that students use if statements and the modulo operator.
	* Ask the students to practice using looping, effects, and control flow structures while using 2-3 different tracks.
4. **Debrief**
	* Talk about any of the common issues that students had with loops and control flow. 

### Accommodation/Differentiation
Students that are moving quickly can read additional documentation on the EarSketch website in order to move ahead and expand their skills and understanding.

## Forum discussion
[Lesson 5.03: Earsketch Control Flow (TEALS Discourse Account Required)](https://forums.tealsk12.org/c/2nd-semester-unit-5-earsketch/lesson-5-03-earsketch-control-flow)

[Do Now]: do_now.md
[Lab - EarSketch Control Flow]: lab.md
[EarSketch Editor]: http://earsketch.gatech.edu/earsketch2/

Commit message:

Added Modulo Explanation in Python

units/5_unit/03_lesson/lesson.md, after:

# Lesson 5.03: Earsketch Control Flow

## Learning Objectives
Students will be able to...

* Define and identify: **modulo**
* Demonstrate looping and control structures
* Demonstrate the use of looping concepts in music making via EarSketch
* Demostrate using control structures to create music


## Materials/Preparation
* [Do Now]
* [Lab - EarSketch Control Flow]
* [EarSketch Editor]
* Associated Reading in EarSketch
* Read through the do now, lesson, and lab so that you are familiar with the requirements and can assist students

## Pacing Guide
| **Duration**   | **Description** |
| ---------- | ----------- |
| 5 Minutes  | Do Now      |
| 10 Minutes | Lesson      |
| 35 Minutes | Lab         |
| 5 Minutes | Debrief     |

## Instructor's Notes

1. **Do Now**
    * Students should be given time to read unit 3 of the EarSketch documentation.
    * Students should answer the questions included in the do now and be prepared to discuss them as a class.
2. **Lesson**
	* Call on students to discuss the answers to the questions from the Do Now.
	* Review looping in Python. Look at the examples given in the EarSketch documentation and play them for the class.  
	* Review if statements and control flow. As with looping go over examples (starting at section "Conditional Statements in Loops"). Focus on the **modulo** operator, reminding students that it is an operator that returns the remainder after division.
3. **Lab**
	* Students practice using looping to make a song a single track. Make sure that students use if statements and the modulo operator.
	* Ask the students to practice using looping, effects, and control flow structures while using 2-3 different tracks.
4. **Debrief**
	* Talk about any of the common issues that students had with loops and control flow. 
	
#### Video Explanation of Modulo in Python (Visual Rhythms)

[![Video Explanation of Mmodulo in Python](https://img.youtube.com/vi/2Tg9FxIajho/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/2Tg9FxIajho)



### Accommodation/Differentiation
Students that are moving quickly can read additional documentation on the EarSketch website in order to move ahead and expand their skills and understanding.

## Forum discussion
[Lesson 5.03: Earsketch Control Flow (TEALS Discourse Account Required)](https://forums.tealsk12.org/c/2nd-semester-unit-5-earsketch/lesson-5-03-earsketch-control-flow)

[Do Now]: do_now.md
[Lab - EarSketch Control Flow]: lab.md
[EarSketch Editor]: http://earsketch.gatech.edu/earsketch2/
