units/7_unit/03_lesson/lab.md, before:

# Lab 7.03 - Kangaroo Class

1. Finish writing the `__add__` method for the time class from the Do Now. 

2. This exercise is a cautionary tale about one of the most common, and difficult to find, errors in Python. Write a definition for a class named Kangaroo with the following methods:
	1. An `__init__` method that initializes an attribute named `pouch_contents` to an empty list.
	2. A method named `put_in_pouch` that takes an object of any type and adds it to `pouch_contents`.
	3. A `__str__` method that returns a string representation of the Kangaroo object and the contents of the pouch.

Test your code by creating two Kangaroo objects, assigning them to variables named `kanga` and `roo`, and then adding `roo` to the contents of `kanga`’s pouch

## Extra Credit: 
Return to your Pet class from Lab 7.02. Research the `isinstance` function to write a method, `is_friend` that will take in another pet and return `True` if the two pets are friends, and `false` if they are not. 

###Rules
* If they are both dogs they are friends. 
* If the instance is a dog and the other pet is a cat, they are friends. 
* If the instance is a cat and the other is a dog they are not friends. 
* If they are both cats they are not friends.

Commit message:

Explain error that will occur and how to fix it

units/7_unit/03_lesson/lab.md, after:

# Lab 7.03 - Kangaroo Class

1. Finish writing the `__add__` method for the time class from the Do Now. 

2. Write a definition for a class named Kangaroo with the following methods:
	1. An `__init__` method that initializes an attribute named `pouch_contents` to an empty list.
	2. A method named `put_in_pouch` that takes an object of any type and adds it to `pouch_contents`.
	3. A `__str__` method that returns a string representation of the Kangaroo object and the contents of the pouch.

This exercise is a cautionary tale about one of the most common, and difficult to find, errors in Python:
	TypeError: Can't convert 'list' object to str implicitly

Use the `str()` function to convert the list object to a string.

Test your code by creating two Kangaroo objects, assigning them to variables named `kanga` and `roo`, and then adding `roo` to the contents of `kanga`’s pouch

## Extra Credit: 
Return to your Pet class from Lab 7.02. Research the `isinstance` function to write a method, `is_friend` that will take in another pet and return `True` if the two pets are friends, and `false` if they are not. 

###Rules
* If they are both dogs they are friends. 
* If the instance is a dog and the other pet is a cat, they are friends. 
* If the instance is a cat and the other is a dog they are not friends. 
* If they are both cats they are not friends.
