units/4_unit/02_lesson/lab.md, before:

# Lab 4.02 - Getting Loopy

## Part 1
Write a function `fruit_pluralizer`. It will take in a list of fruit and return nothing. The function should update the values of the list so that the values are plural. If the fruit name ends in a 'y' remove the 'y' and add 'ies', otherwise add an 's'.

1. Create the function contract for `fruit_pluralizer`. 
2. Provide a few examples that confirm `fruit_pluralizer` works as expected:
	* Include examples with 'berry'
	* What if the list is empty?
	* What if the fruit ends in 's'?
	
### Example
 
```python
# contract goes here
def fruit_pluralizer(list_of_strings): 
	# your code goes here
fruit_list = ['apple', 'berry', 'melon']
print("Single Fruit: " + str(fruit_list))
fruit_pluralizer(fruit_list)
print("No longer single Fruit: " + str(fruit_list))
# examples go here
```

Running the code: 

```python
>>> python3 fruit_pluralizer_lab.py
Single Fruit: ['apple', 'berry', 'melon']
No longer single Fruit: ['apples', 'berries', 'melons']

```

### Hint
Remember that you can index into the string and get the length of a string. Use that to get the last letter of each word. 

## Part 2
Create a function `my_reverse`, which will return a reversed string.

1. Create the function contract for `my_reverse`.
2. Provide a few examples to confirm that `my_reverse` works:
	* An empty string
	* A string of even length
	* A string of odd length greater than 1
	* A string of length 1 

### Example

```python
# contract goes here
def my_reverse(string_to_reverse): 
	# your code goes here
reversed = my_reverse("apples")
print(reversed)
# examples go here
```

Running the code: 

```python
>>> python3 my_reverse_lab.py
selppa
```
### Hint
To get the last element:`(len(my_list) -1) -  0`

To get the second to last element: `(len(my_list)-1 ) - 1`

To get the third to last element: `(len(my_list)-1) - 2`


### Bonus!
Create a function `reverse_strings_in_list`. This function will input a list of strings you want to reverse. The function will reverse the strings in the list by calling the `my_reverse` function in a loop.

Commit message:

Renames fruit_pluralizer(), makes fruits incidental
Revises the lab description to rename fruit_pluralizer() to pluralize_words(). Makes the fruit aspect of this lab secondary, makes the function a more generic operation on lists fo words. Applies it to a list of fruit names, but could also be applied to lists of insect names, gemstone names, toy names, etc.

Tightens up some of the prose introducing the lab.

See also https://forums.tealsk12.org/t/lab-4-02-example-implementation/1949

units/4_unit/02_lesson/lab.md, after:

# Lab 4.02 - Getting Loopy

## Part 1
Write a function `pluralize_words` that takes in a list of words and updates the values of the list
to make each one plural. It returns nothing. Making plurals in english has a number of special cases, 
but for this lab we'll use a simple rule: if the word ends in a 'y' remove the 'y' and add 'ies';
otherwise add an 's'.

We'll exercise the function on a list of words.

1. Create the function contract for `pluralize_words`. 
2. Provide a few examples that confirm `pluralize_words` works as expected:
	* Include examples with 'berry'
	* What if the list is empty?
	* What happens if a word ends in 's'?
	
### Example
 
```python
# contract goes here
def pluralize_words(word_list): 
	# your code goes here

word_list = ['apple', 'berry', 'melon']
print("Singular words: " + str(word_list))
pluralize_words(word_list)
print("No longer singular words: " + str(word_list))
# more examples go here
```

Running the code: 

```
Singular words: ['apple', 'berry', 'melon']
No longer singular words: ['apples', 'berries', 'melons']
```

### Hint
Remember that you can index into the string and get the length of a string. Use that to get the last letter of each word. 

## Part 2
Create a function `my_reverse`, which will return a reversed string.

1. Create the function contract for `my_reverse`.
2. Provide a few examples to confirm that `my_reverse` works:
	* An empty string
	* A string of even length
	* A string of odd length greater than 1
	* A string of length 1 

### Example

```python
# contract goes here
def my_reverse(string_to_reverse): 
	# your code goes here
reversed = my_reverse("apples")
print(reversed)
# examples go here
```

Running the code: 

```python
>>> python3 my_reverse_lab.py
selppa
```
### Hint
To get the last element:`(len(my_list) -1) -  0`

To get the second to last element: `(len(my_list)-1 ) - 1`

To get the third to last element: `(len(my_list)-1) - 2`


### Bonus!
Create a function `reverse_strings_in_list`. This function will input a list of strings you want to reverse. The function will reverse the strings in the list by calling the `my_reverse` function in a loop.
